Day one #coachella with my stunna @tokimonsta • see her sunday 4:30 sahara tent! #
Behold you're, under green it creature living she'd for doesn't fly behold won't wherein yielding.
She loves me #bestiesinla @ Laurel Hardware https://t.co/RNctOR6C9r
I found @juncurryahn and directed him to walk into the light. #
I found an angel on set and at a fake high school locker and in life and her name is… https://t.co/iKx5E4GwO9
I'm so thankful for her. @…
Ok, I stalk him.
SONNY SANITOA happened in @vegas but he is NOT staying in @vegas - sanitoa93 has finesse most… https://t.co/wksBvpCsTx
But we were sure loving him! #
Like normal the site and drive hear sue already too see her face @BradPittsPage @946onedirection @justinbieber https://t.co/7pxntazpwq
So stoked to FINALLY watch the legend himself.
Corny AF  “@IamAkademiks: Y'all tried to play bow wow like he a broke boy.. Now he flexing on the gram on y'all https://t.co/y0HQ7LhcbX”
Got his track bumpin' -… https://t.co/cXteR4JBgp
She's tired and thinks being up at 3am is crazy, but little Rey is ready to run her first 10k!…
&lt;JaZz0r&gt; I have a sister in the form of my 13-year-old brother  &lt;SummerSong&gt; is she hot?
Had a great night with my sister of many years Supermodel Hawa .. She looked fabulous .…
Just gotta let her know I'm here for her and always be here.
Hate seeing my sister cry 😢 and idk how to comfort her.
Meanwhile, on the #Jumbotron...#kittykisses I smacked her in the face with a towel so I had to… https://t.co/xHISGlFlmz
She is like the fairy godmother of hair!!!
I remember every person I've kissed because it's only been 1 and I married her :)
He won the popular vote.
My religion says he a guy.
Why did my dad see the number 43 throughout his life, and then die at the age of 43?
He's basically a living Adonis
look for his username... his dream has come true...
How on Earth would an 11 year old know he's gay?
He likes dudes instead of girls
My twin memorized every dinosaur species when he was 3, no joke.
My girlfriend threatens me with Arbys giftcards when I don't listen to her.
He slept with multiple chicks.
His loss then.
I was her first boyfriend.
She'll be fat
Will I ever get her back?
I was completely expecting you to make her cry the bad way, so that was a wholesome twist
&gt; not even her closest friends, or boyfriends.
No her family is, she is not.
So she's jewish?
My girlfriend comes back from her 2 week trip to Africa today and the waiting around is killing me!!
The school's principal, Marilyn Macalma, said she expected 22,500 people to turn up to vote there.
She added that 126 mostly young, male protesters were detained, many of whom were drunk.
Police found the body of Martinez on Saturday inside the bathroom of her home in the Veracruz state capital, Xalapa.
Her ongoing detention was extended to November 2010, and in February a court rejected her appeal for release.
She said the UNHCR was working with the Jordanian government to open a second major camp nearby by the end of this month.
She was demanding the cancellation of the race, the end of the crackdown on dissent, and the release of her father.
The problem first came to light when a television presenter was contacted by a member of the public who had found her home address.
She added that this was not the first time the Taliban had targeted the air base, which is used by US and Nato forces.
There were flag-bearers for good; the official opening from Her Majesty; sporting legend Ali; Sarah Stevenson's competitors' bond.
A Palestinian woman being held in detention in Israel, Hana Shalabi, is ending her 43-day hunger strike.
Ms Palaszczuk used her first speech as Opposition Leader to say her party was small but very spirited.
The test violates North Korea's obligations under several unanimous council resolutions, she said.
US: one death, at least 91 confirmed cases She said action should be undertaken with "increased urgency".
She was a businesswoman as well and I think she had a law degree.
Back at Jamaldin's house we met Hamzat's widow and her two children.
She said: "We're doing everything we can with all the forces we have."
Hanifa Safi died after a bomb attached to her car exploded as she left her home in Laghman province.
Labour candidate Emma Lewell-Buck said she was "absolutely ecstatic" about her by-election victory.
In her acceptance speech, Ann E Dunwoody said she had never expected to rise so high in the ranks in her 33-year career.
Our correspondent said she could hear the sound of bombing from 40km (25 miles) away.
Which one of you wouldn't rather listen to his hairdresser than Hercules?
He was my idol.
Mozart, I can't think of a time when I didn't know his name.
See the way the handle on her pruning shears matches her gardening clogs?
You treat her like an employee.
She's not your friend.
She's just someone you use to feel better about yourself.
I was a dirty bird, Carol's not grungey - she's bitchin'
I left her in a parking lot behind some donut shop.
I'm almost completely indifferent as to whether Evelyn knows I'm having an affair with Courtney Rawlinson, her closest friend.
She's usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs; tonight I believe it's Xanax.
More disturbing than the drug use, though, is the fact that she's engaged to Luis Carruthers, the biggest dufus in the business.
Oh my God, she's right.
She was beautiful, she was willing.
She was real intelligent.
The same way I did her Daddy.
Everyone that she plays with dies.
She said, a triscuit - a biscuit.
She'll make soap out of you.
That's what she does.
After a few years of married life, this guy finds that he is unable to perform in bed anymore.
The man hangs up .The other men in the locker room are looking at him in astonishment.
A man was seen fleeing down the hall of the hospital just before his operation.
There was a lawyer and he was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side.
An old man goes to the Wizard to ask him if he can remove a curse he has been living with for the last 40 years.
The second convict pulled out a box of paints and stated that he intended to paint anything he could.
A married man was having an affair with his secretary.
An Amish boy and his father were visiting a mall.
"Once," he replied.
A man returns from the doctor and tells his wife that the doctor has told him he has only 24 hours to live.
Shocked by this, Jeff hit his head on the table and emerged red-faced.
He tells the loan officer that he is going to Taiwan on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000.
Should I pack for the ocean, or should I pack for the mountains?"He says, "I don't care.
Learn from him!
The man stopped and a big brick fell right in front of him.
He goes to the hospital and is promptly admitted after being diagnosed in the emergency room with second-degree burns.
"What seems to be the problem?"Immediately, the husband held his long face down without anything to say.
A man takes his wife to the live stock show.
Mike, it was rumored, possessed ample ability to satisfy any female, but he wasn't very bright.
man's business trip is cancelled and he is at home with a rather nervous wife.
