please tell them i'm sorry and i love them they are a special man
I will make them our mascot.
Somebody likes their breakfast #gabbyrincione #fatherhood… https://t.co/txdeni9SiW
@ReRe_76804 yes I heard them all lol I guess they'll never get to hear this one.but it's my way of showing my support
So seas night their one form bearing void sixth.
Moving they god two.
“Jesus said to their disciples: I am the true vine, and my Father is the gardener.
I used to say I miss them, but I carry them… https://t.co/vL7FC0jSu2
HC125 [Engross] Mrs. Olga Muriel Crenshaw; commend and congratulate upon the occasion of their 100th birthday.
Common denominator is our love for them and #CASTLE https://t.co/60jC5ZOHWq
:indivi:When people act like they have never traveled before...you know you need your ID...oh wait they got on wedges... https://t.co/6Dpo1Gzt23
@jfreshp We In Da Buildin CELEBRATING THEIRS B-DAY!!6am-10am Takin… https://t.co/92h5gEHDG3
Brought void doesn't they above it Male shall they whose after multiply creature and that.
#BristolAggieNRM #senior recording them recently collected #spottedturtle growth #data.
I dont want that hoe no more , you can have "them"
Just take them in... @dgandyofficial #Worldie #Summer16 #RigGoals @ Adonis https://t.co/hLV7ALhaei
Born at around 9:30 last night to Wendy, they… https://t.co/gJKFAVQHfA
A man is arrested for having cocaine in their dentures.
They woulda been 85 today!!
They will make everything beautiful in its time were #coloursoflife #lifelessons @ Union Square, San… https://t.co/XpqFxSO25U
Because they'd let me roleplay with them!
Text your crush and ask them out.
Not that they'd admit that.
How often do they change their socks?
Just gotta talk to their :)
In a bar, had been stood up by my online date and they bought me a drink, that was 3 years ago :)
I didn't fancy them at first either I was just depressed and liked their accent
I very briefly dated one of their younger brothers and was introduced to them.
their mom º sort º of introduced us
Bro, they were looking at somone behind you.
*I showed my sister /r/place and I think they liked it.*
Which US state should my gf choose for their year studying in the states?
Ironically, the situation was that their Knight was attacking my queen and I didn't want them to
In a sense your opponent would be in a lower point in their life if they knew
Damn yes they would
Scotland needs their independence because it has been made clear that our government isn't for us.
They can join.
A lady on the street once called me handsome but I think it's because they wanted money
For the first time ever, I asked a girl if they were single!
pffft ahahaha they'd be an excellent cook if they need to flambe something
They concluded the correct decision was taken, although the files will again be reviewed "out of an abundance of caution".
Their question was met with cheers and whoops.
They were scheduled to meet Israeli President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The US faced new threats by groups already inside the country, inspired by al-Qaeda, they said.
But they stressed it would not affect the other 26 member countries.
Southwark Crown Court heard Mr Demetrio believed they were stopped on suspicion of drug-driving because they were black.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh blamed "terrorists" for the blasts and said they would not tolerate militant violence.
They said it had "absolutely nothing to do with the death of Mark Duggan".
Local governments have been ordered to take precautions against any natural disasters that might occur as a result of the storm, they said.
In July, President Barack Obama condemned the Syrian regime, saying they are "appalled" by the "horrifying" reports of violence.
Mr Blair, who is planning to quit as prime minister before the next election, has said they will serve a full third term.
Our correspondent says they are the most sweeping restrictions they have ever encountered reporting anywhere.
Gen Jackson said they were "quite encouraged" by a visit last month to Iraq.
President Ahmadinejad was declared the easy victor of the presidential poll on Saturday, with results giving them 63% of votes against 34% for Mr Mousavi.
Earlier this month, in a blog, Mr Rippon explained the editorial reasons behind their decision to axe the report.
The best actress award went to former Miss World Priyanka Chopra for their role in Fashion.
Nor have they been prepared to deal with the UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon.
They want the election results annulled, alleging fraud.
P. WILLIAMS: The lawyer for one of the 10, Anna Chapman , said it's a good deal for them.
The mother of suspect Anna Chapman has said they expect them to fly home to Russia on Friday.
They're all over the place!
They're lovely.
Well, I'll give them another twenty minutes, but that's it!
You know Al, I'm getting really - I don't think you're them.
I don't know where they get it from.
Their mother wasn't nearly so picky.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee Their hands can't hit what their eyes can't see.
Bio-readouts are all in the green, looks like they're alive.
They killed them taking it off.
I guess they don't like the cornbread, either.
Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at their rear end.
They made their first stage appearance at the age of four in Midsummer Night's Dream.
They played a fairy and entered, quite unexpectedly, stark naked.
They have been a star ever since.
They never were or will be anything less or anything else.
And in the last analysis, nothing's any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turn around in bed, and there they are.
Write me one about a nice normal woman who just shoots their husband.
And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays their concerto on me, the piano?
They look thirty-two.
They looked it five years ago, they'll look it twenty years from now.
A cop was driving down a country road when they saw a car in the ditch.
A blonde had just gotten a new sports car and was out for a drive when they accidentally cut off a truck driver.
They were riding quite pleasantly on a trail in a field until the horse speeded up.
A Blonde was down on their luck.
They then asks the clerk,"Can I have that television set over there."
Determined, the blonde turned and headed for the swamps, set on catching themself an alligator.
They started to cry and said "I wish my friends would come back"
They only have one eye!"The detective shook their head and said, "Of COURSE they only have one eye in this picture!
A:their tampon is on their ear and they cant find their pen!
So they cut their pig's tail off.
One day, a blonde's neighbor goes over to their house, sees the blonde crying, and asks them what happened.
Finally the brunette gave a truly touching speech saying they wouldsacrifice themself to save the lives of the others.
They tell the Dr. : "It hurts all over my body."
A blonde arrived for their first golf lesson and the pro asked them to take a swing at a ball to see how they'd do.
So they did.
they were so blonde they told me to meet them at the corner of "WALK" and "DON'T WALK."
They asked me to dress it for Sunday (oh boy).
A Blonde was driving down the highway and they cut off a Truck.
It has been reported that a old homeless man is on top of a large bridge and swears that they will jump off the bridge.
The blond starts singing to themself, "Dun Dun, Dun, Dun, Dun..."
Day one #coachella with my stunna @tokimonsta • see her sunday 4:30 sahara tent! #
Behold you're, under green it creature living they'd for doesn't fly behold won't wherein yielding.
They love me #bestiesinla @ Laurel Hardware https://t.co/RNctOR6C9r
I found @juncurryahn and directed them to walk into the light. #
I found an angel on set and at a fake high school locker and in life and their name is… https://t.co/iKx5E4GwO9
I'm so thankful for them. @…
Ok, I stalk them.
SONNY SANITOA happened in @vegas but they are NOT staying in @vegas - sanitoa93 has finesse most… https://t.co/wksBvpCsTx
But we were sure loving them! #
Like normal the site and drive hear sue already too see their face @BradPittsPage @946onedirection @justinbieber https://t.co/7pxntazpwq
So stoked to FINALLY watch the legend themself.
Corny AF “@IamAkademiks: Y'all tried to play bow wow like they a broke boy.. Now they flexing on the gram on y'all https://t.co/y0HQ7LhcbX”
Got their track bumpin' -… https://t.co/cXteR4JBgp
They're tired and thinks being up at 3am is crazy, but little Rey is ready to run their first 10k!…
&lt;JaZz0r&gt; I have a sister in the form of my 13-year-old brother &lt;SummerSong&gt; are they hot?
Had a great night with my sister of many years Supermodel Hawa .. They looked fabulous .…
Just gotta let her know I'm here for them and always be here.
Hate seeing my sister cry indiviand idk how to comfort them.
Meanwhile, on the #Jumbotron...#kittykisses I smacked them in the face with a towel so I had to… https://t.co/xHISGlFlmz
They are like the fairy godmother of hair!!!
I remember every person I've kissed because it's only been 1 and I married them :)
They won the popular vote.
My religion says they a guy.
Why did my dad see the number 43 throughout their life, and then die at the age of 43?
They're basically a living Adonis
look for their username... their dream has come true...
How on Earth would an 11 year old know they're gay?
They like dudes instead of girls
My twin memorized every dinosaur species when they were 3, no joke.
My girlfriend threatens me with Arbys giftcards when I don't listen to them.
They slept with multiple chicks.
Their loss then.
I was their first boyfriend.
They'll be fat
Will I ever get them back?
I was completely expecting you to make her cry the bad way, so that was a wholesome twist
&gt; not even their closest friends, or boyfriends.
No their family is, they are not.
So they're jewish?
My girlfriend comes back from their 2 week trip to Africa today and the waiting around is killing me!!
The school's principal, Marilyn Macalma, said they expected 22,500 people to turn up to vote there.
They added that 126 mostly young, male protesters were detained, many of whom were drunk.
Police found the body of Martinez on Saturday inside the bathroom of their home in the Veracruz state capital, Xalapa.
Their ongoing detention was extended to November 2010, and in February a court rejected their appeal for release.
They said the UNHCR was working with the Jordanian government to open a second major camp nearby by the end of this month.
They were demanding the cancellation of the race, the end of the crackdown on dissent, and the release of their father.
The problem first came to light when a television presenter was contacted by a member of the public who had found their home address.
They added that this were not the first time the Taliban had targeted the air base, which is used by US and Nato forces.
There were flag-bearers for good; the official opening from Their Majesty; sporting legend Ali; Sarah Stevenson's competitors' bond.
A Palestinian woman being held in detention in Israel, Hana Shalabi, is ending their 43-day hunger strike.
Ms Palaszczuk used their first speech as Opposition Leader to say their party was small but very spirited.
The test violates North Korea's obligations under several unanimous council resolutions, they said.
US: one death, at least 91 confirmed cases They said action should be undertaken with "increased urgency".
They were a businesswoman as well and I think they had a law degree.
Back at Jamaldin's house we met Hamzat's widow and their two children.
They said: "We're doing everything we can with all the forces we have."
Hanifa Safi died after a bomb attached to their car exploded as they left their home in Laghman province.
Labour candidate Emma Lewell-Buck said they were "absolutely ecstatic" about their by-election victory.
In their acceptance speech, Ann E Dunwoody said they had never expected to rise so high in the ranks in their 33-year career.
Our correspondent said they could hear the sound of bombing from 40km (25 miles) away.
Which one of you wouldn't rather listen to their hairdresser than Hercules?
They were my idol.
Mozart, I can't think of a time when I didn't know their name.
See the way the handle on their pruning shears matches their gardening clogs?
You treat them like an employee.
They're not your friend.
They're just someone you use to feel better about yourself.
I was a dirty bird, Carol's not grungey - they're bitchin'
I left them in a parking lot behind some donut shop.
I'm almost completely indifferent as to whether Evelyn knows I'm having an affair with Courtney Rawlinson, their closest friend.
They're usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs; tonight I believe it's Xanax.
More disturbing than the drug use, though, is the fact that they're engaged to Luis Carruthers, the biggest dufus in the business.
Oh my God, they're right.
They were beautiful, they were willing.
They were real intelligent.
The same way I did their Daddy.
Everyone that they play with dies.
They said, a triscuit - a biscuit.
They'll make soap out of you.
That's what they do.
After a few years of married life, this guy finds that they are unable to perform in bed anymore.
The man hangs up .The other men in the locker room are looking at them in astonishment.
A man was seen fleeing down the hall of the hospital just before their operation.
There was a lawyer and they were just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and their wife were sitting by their side.
An old man goes to the Wizard to ask them if they can remove a curse they have been living with for the last 40 years.
The second convict pulled out a box of paints and stated that they intended to paint anything they could.
A married man was having an affair with their secretary.
An Amish boy and their father were visiting a mall.
"Once," they replied.
A man returns from the doctor and tells their wife that the doctor has told them they have only 24 hours to live.
Shocked by this, Jeff hit their head on the table and emerged red-faced.
They tell the loan officer that they are going to Taiwan on business for two weeks and need to borrow $5,000.
Should I pack for the ocean, or should I pack for the mountains?"They say, "I don't care.
Learn from them!
The man stopped and a big brick fell right in front of them.
They go to the hospital and are promptly admitted after being diagnosed in the emergency room with second-degree burns.
"What seems to be the problem?"Immediately, the husband held their long face down without anything to say.
A man takes their wife to the live stock show.
Mike, it was rumored, possessed ample ability to satisfy any female, but they weren't very bright.
man's business trip is cancelled and they are at home with a rather nervous wife.
