Because he'd let me roleplay with him!
Text your crush and ask her out.
Not that she'd admit that.
How often does she change her socks?
Just gotta talk to her :)
In a bar, had been stood up by my online date and he bought me a drink, that was 3 years ago :)
I didn't fancy him at first either I was just depressed and liked his accent 😂
I very briefly dated one of his younger brothers and was introduced to him.
his mom ^sort ^of introduced us
Bro, she was looking at somone behind you.
*I showed my sister /r/place and I think she liked it.*
Which US state should my gf choose for her year studying in the states?
Ironically, the situation was that their Knight was attacking my queen and I didn't want him to
In a sense your opponent would be in a lower point in his life if he knew
Damn yes he would
Scotland needs her independence because it has been made clear that our government isn't for us.
She can join.
A lady on the street once called me handsome but I think it's because she wanted money
For the first time ever, I asked a girl if she was single!
pffft ahahaha he'd be an excellent cook if he needs to flambe something
I remember every person I've kissed because it's only been 1 and I married her :)
He won the popular vote.
My religion says he a guy.
Why did my dad see the number 43 throughout his life, and then die at the age of 43?
He's basically a living Adonis
look for his username... his dream has come true...
How on Earth would an 11 year old know he's gay?
He likes dudes instead of girls
My twin memorized every dinosaur species when he was 3, no joke.
My girlfriend threatens me with Arbys giftcards when I don't listen to her.
He slept with multiple chicks.
His loss then.
I was her first boyfriend.
She'll be fat
Will I ever get her back?
I was completely expecting you to make her cry the bad way, so that was a wholesome twist
&gt; not even her closest friends, or boyfriends.
No her family is, she is not.
So she's jewish?
My girlfriend comes back from her 2 week trip to Africa today and the waiting around is killing me!!
