please tell him i'm sorry and i love him he is a special man
I will make him our mascot.
Somebody likes her breakfast #gabbyrincione #fatherhood… https://t.co/txdeni9SiW
@ReRe_76804 yes I heard them all lol I guess he'll never get to hear this one.but it's my way of showing my support
So seas night his one form bearing void sixth.
Moving he god two.
“Jesus said to his disciples: I am the true vine, and my Father is the gardener.
I used to say I miss her, but I carry her… https://t.co/vL7FC0jSu2
HC125 [Engross] Mrs. Olga Muriel Crenshaw; commend and congratulate upon the occasion of her 100th birthday.
Common denominator is our love for her and #CASTLE https://t.co/60jC5ZOHWq
:|:When people act like they have never traveled before...you know you need your ID...oh wait she got on wedges... https://t.co/6Dpo1Gzt23
@jfreshp We In Da Buildin  CELEBRATING HIS B-DAY!!6am-10am Takin… https://t.co/92h5gEHDG3
Brought void doesn't he above it Male shall he whose after multiply creature and that.
#BristolAggieNRM #senior recording her recently collected #spottedturtle growth #data.
I dont want that hoe no more , you can have "him" 👌🏽
Just take him in... @dgandyofficial #Worldie #Summer16 #RigGoals @ Adonis https://t.co/hLV7ALhaei
Born at around 9:30 last night to Wendy, she… https://t.co/gJKFAVQHfA
A man is arrested for having cocaine in his dentures.
She woulda been 85 today!!
He will makes everything beautiful in its time 🌏 #coloursoflife #lifelessons @ Union Square, San… https://t.co/XpqFxSO25U
Because he'd let me roleplay with him!
Text your crush and ask her out.
Not that she'd admit that.
How often does she change her socks?
Just gotta talk to her :)
In a bar, had been stood up by my online date and he bought me a drink, that was 3 years ago :)
I didn't fancy him at first either I was just depressed and liked his accent 😂
I very briefly dated one of his younger brothers and was introduced to him.
his mom ^sort ^of introduced us
Bro, she was looking at somone behind you.
*I showed my sister /r/place and I think she liked it.*
Which US state should my gf choose for her year studying in the states?
Ironically, the situation was that their Knight was attacking my queen and I didn't want him to
In a sense your opponent would be in a lower point in his life if he knew
Damn yes he would
Scotland needs her independence because it has been made clear that our government isn't for us.
She can join.
A lady on the street once called me handsome but I think it's because she wanted money
For the first time ever, I asked a girl if she was single!
pffft ahahaha he'd be an excellent cook if he needs to flambe something
He concluded the correct decision was taken, although the files will again be reviewed "out of an abundance of caution".
His question was met with cheers and whoops.
She was scheduled to meet Israeli President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The US faced new threats by groups already inside the country, inspired by al-Qaeda, she said.
But he stressed it would not affect the other 26 member countries.
Southwark Crown Court heard Mr Demetrio believed he was stopped on suspicion of drug-driving because he was black.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh blamed "terrorists" for the blasts and said he would not tolerate militant violence.
He said it had "absolutely nothing to do with the death of Mark Duggan".
Local governments have been ordered to take precautions against any natural disasters that might occur as a result of the storm, he said.
In July, President Barack Obama condemned the Syrian regime, saying he is "appalled" by the "horrifying" reports of violence.
Mr Blair, who is planning to quit as prime minister before the next election, has said he will serve a full third term.
Our correspondent says they are the most sweeping restrictions he has ever encountered reporting anywhere.
Gen Jackson said he was "quite encouraged" by a visit last month to Iraq.
President Ahmadinejad was declared the easy victor of the presidential poll on Saturday, with results giving him 63% of votes against 34% for Mr Mousavi.
Earlier this month, in a blog, Mr Rippon explained the editorial reasons behind his decision to axe the report.
The best actress award went to former Miss World Priyanka Chopra for her role in Fashion.
Nor has he been prepared to deal with the UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon.
He wants the election results annulled, alleging fraud.
P. WILLIAMS: The lawyer for one of the 10, Anna Chapman , said it's a good deal for her.
The mother of suspect Anna Chapman has said she expects her to fly home to Russia on Friday.
He's all over the place!
She's lovely.
Well, I'll give him another twenty minutes, but that's it!
You know Al, I'm getting really -  I don't think you're him.
I don't know where she gets it from.
Her mother wasn't nearly so picky.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee His hands can't hit what his eyes can't see.
Bio-readouts are all in the green, looks like she's alive.
They killed him taking it off.
I guess she don't like the cornbread, either.
Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end.
She made her first stage appearance at the age of four in Midsummer Night's Dream.
She played a fairy and entered, quite unexpectedly, stark naked.
She has been a star ever since.
She never was or will be anything less or anything else.
And in the last analysis, nothing's any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turn around in bed, and there he is.
Write me one about a nice normal woman who just shoots her husband.
And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano?
He looks thirty-two.
He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now.
A cop was driving down a country road when he saw a car in the ditch.
A blonde had just gotten a new sports car and was out for a drive when she accidentally cut off a truck driver.
She was riding quite pleasantly on a trail in a field until the horse speeded up.
A Blonde was down on her luck.
She then asks the clerk,"Can I have that television set over there."
Determined, the blonde turned and headed for the swamps, set on catching herself an alligator.
She started to cry and said "I wish my friends would come back"
He only has one eye!"The detective shook his head and said, "Of COURSE he only has one eye in this picture!
A:her tampon is on her ear and she cant find her pen!
So she cut her pig's tail off.
One day, a blonde's neighbor goes over to her house, sees the blonde crying, and asks her what happened.
Finally the brunette gave a truly touching speech saying she wouldsacrifice herself to save the lives of the others.
She tells the Dr. : "It hurts all over my body."
A blonde arrived for her first golf lesson and the pro asked her to take a swing at a ball to see how she'd do.
So she did.
she was so blonde she told me to meet her at the corner of "WALK" and "DON'T WALK."
He asked me to dress it for Sunday (oh boy).
A Blonde was driving down the highway and she cuts off a Truck.
It has been reported that a old homeless man is on top of a large bridge and swears that he will jump off the bridge.
The blond starts singing to herself, "Dun Dun, Dun, Dun, Dun..."
Day one #coachella with my stunna @tokimonsta • see her sunday 4:30 sahara tent! #
Behold you're, under green it creature living she'd for doesn't fly behold won't wherein yielding.
She loves me #bestiesinla @ Laurel Hardware https://t.co/RNctOR6C9r
I found @juncurryahn and directed him to walk into the light. #
I found an angel on set and at a fake high school locker and in life and her name is… https://t.co/iKx5E4GwO9
I'm so thankful for her. @…
Ok, I stalk him.
SONNY SANITOA happened in @vegas but he is NOT staying in @vegas - sanitoa93 has finesse most… https://t.co/wksBvpCsTx
But we were sure loving him! #
Like normal the site and drive hear sue already too see her face @BradPittsPage @946onedirection @justinbieber https://t.co/7pxntazpwq
So stoked to FINALLY watch the legend himself.
Corny AF  “@IamAkademiks: Y'all tried to play bow wow like he a broke boy.. Now he flexing on the gram on y'all https://t.co/y0HQ7LhcbX”
Got his track bumpin' -… https://t.co/cXteR4JBgp
She's tired and thinks being up at 3am is crazy, but little Rey is ready to run her first 10k!…
&lt;JaZz0r&gt; I have a sister in the form of my 13-year-old brother  &lt;SummerSong&gt; is she hot?
Had a great night with my sister of many years Supermodel Hawa .. She looked fabulous .…
Just gotta let her know I'm here for her and always be here.
Hate seeing my sister cry 😢 and idk how to comfort her.
Meanwhile, on the #Jumbotron...#kittykisses I smacked her in the face with a towel so I had to… https://t.co/xHISGlFlmz
She is like the fairy godmother of hair!!!
I remember every person I've kissed because it's only been 1 and I married her :)
He won the popular vote.
My religion says he a guy.
Why did my dad see the number 43 throughout his life, and then die at the age of 43?
He's basically a living Adonis
look for his username... his dream has come true...
How on Earth would an 11 year old know he's gay?
He likes dudes instead of girls
My twin memorized every dinosaur species when he was 3, no joke.
My girlfriend threatens me with Arbys giftcards when I don't listen to her.
He slept with multiple chicks.
His loss then.
I was her first boyfriend.
She'll be fat
Will I ever get her back?
I was completely expecting you to make her cry the bad way, so that was a wholesome twist
&gt; not even her closest friends, or boyfriends.
No her family is, she is not.
So she's jewish?
My girlfriend comes back from her 2 week trip to Africa today and the waiting around is killing me!!
The school's principal, Marilyn Macalma, said she expected 22,500 people to turn up to vote there.
She added that 126 mostly young, male protesters were detained, many of whom were drunk.
Police found the body of Martinez on Saturday inside the bathroom of her home in the Veracruz state capital, Xalapa.
Her ongoing detention was extended to November 2010, and in February a court rejected her appeal for release.
She said the UNHCR was working with the Jordanian government to open a second major camp nearby by the end of this month.
She was demanding the cancellation of the race, the end of the crackdown on dissent, and the release of her father.
The problem first came to light when a television presenter was contacted by a member of the public who had found her home address.
She added that this was not the first time the Taliban had targeted the air base, which is used by US and Nato forces.
There were flag-bearers for good; the official opening from Her Majesty; sporting legend Ali; Sarah Stevenson's competitors' bond.
A Palestinian woman being held in detention in Israel, Hana Shalabi, is ending her 43-day hunger strike.
Ms Palaszczuk used her first speech as Opposition Leader to say her party was small but very spirited.
The test violates North Korea's obligations under several unanimous council resolutions, she said.
US: one death, at least 91 confirmed cases She said action should be undertaken with "increased urgency".
She was a businesswoman as well and I think she had a law degree.
Back at Jamaldin's house we met Hamzat's widow and her two children.
She said: "We're doing everything we can with all the forces we have."
Hanifa Safi died after a bomb attached to her car exploded as she left her home in Laghman province.
Labour candidate Emma Lewell-Buck said she was "absolutely ecstatic" about her by-election victory.
In her acceptance speech, Ann E Dunwoody said she had never expected to rise so high in the ranks in her 33-year career.
Our correspondent said she could hear the sound of bombing from 40km (25 miles) away.
Which one of you wouldn't rather listen to his hairdresser than Hercules?
He was my idol.
Mozart, I can't think of a time when I didn't know his name.
See the way the handle on her pruning shears matches her gardening clogs?
You treat her like an employee.
She's not your friend.
She's just someone you use to feel better about yourself.
I was a dirty bird, Carol's not grungey - she's bitchin'
I left her in a parking lot behind some donut shop.
I'm almost completely indifferent as to whether Evelyn knows I'm having an affair with Courtney Rawlinson, her closest friend.
She's usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs; tonight I believe it's Xanax.
More disturbing than the drug use, though, is the fact that she's engaged to Luis Carruthers, the biggest dufus in the business.
Oh my God, she's right.
She was beautiful, she was willing.
She was real intelligent.
The same way I did her Daddy.
Everyone that she plays with dies.
She said, a triscuit - a biscuit.
She'll make soap out of you.
That's what she does.
After a few years of married life, this guy finds that he is unable to perform in bed anymore.
The man hangs up .The other men in the locker room are looking at him in astonishment.
A man was seen fleeing down the hall of the hospital just before his operation.
There was a lawyer and he was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side.
An old man goes to the Wizard to ask him if he can remove a curse he has been living with for the last 40 years.
The second convict pulled out a box of paints and stated that he intended to paint anything he could.
A married man was having an affair with his secretary.
An Amish boy and his father were visiting a mall.
"Once," he replied.
A man returns from the doctor and tells his wife that the doctor has told him he has only 24 hours to live.
Shocked by this, Jeff hit his head on the table and emerged red-faced.
He tells the loan officer that he is going to Taiwan on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000.
Should I pack for the ocean, or should I pack for the mountains?"He says, "I don't care.
Learn from him!
The man stopped and a big brick fell right in front of him.
He goes to the hospital and is promptly admitted after being diagnosed in the emergency room with second-degree burns.
"What seems to be the problem?"Immediately, the husband held his long face down without anything to say.
A man takes his wife to the live stock show.
Mike, it was rumored, possessed ample ability to satisfy any female, but he wasn't very bright.
man's business trip is cancelled and he is at home with a rather nervous wife.
